Chapter 1 : The Prologue
It all began when I joined the college of thaumturges. I thought that if I learn the Thaumic Arts , I could help others and be a better man.
Hhhh, I know what you are thinking now child "why is there a college, shouldn't you just research it?". That's very conservative of you but, you must know that 
in your time the knowledge is lost and scattered throughout the aura and flux. That's why you research it, so that you may find it just, like what you did with my memory fragments.
In my time however the knowledge is not lost but kept and taught by master thaumturges.
On the first day we were taught how to craft our own wands. You won't believe how happy I was when I crafted my first wand.I kept learning and learning until I could reach my limit.
I became a thaumic with only a few weeks till I become a thaumturge and learn the secrets of infusion to become a master.
Everything went well until that day.

Chapter 2 : The Beginning
One day I received word that the Eldritch are attacking one of the nearby villages. The problem was that Master Azanor has strict orders 
about interfering with the Eldritch just, for the simple reason of them being the origin of all of our powers. I can't get why Master Azanor made that deal with them.
I couldn't stay put in my place doing nothing so, I decided to go there. I knew that the consequences will be tragic but, I just had to do it.
Once I had reached the village ,I rushed in without thinking of anything but, saving the poor village.
Every time I killed one of them , ten more appeared in it's place. I had to regroup and think of a new plan of attack, but I heard a chilling voice coming from the center of the village. I went there 
in hope of finding a way to stop this massacre. When I reached the center of the village, I found an Eldritch Elder with a weird staff.
I thought that he was the one reanimating his brethren and so I confronted him but, he stopped me and hung me up in the air. I thought I was done for until that creature appeared.
He cut the elder in halves and just flew away. After he saved me I thought that I should finish what I started and
The village suffered many casualties but were thankful for the help. However, I just couldn't forget my failure at protecting the village. After that I went back to the college but,
news of my actions were already ahead of me. When Master Azanor knew about this he raged as we have never seen before. He sent me to the court of elders and there the decided my fate.
I became an outcast from that moment, destined to stay in the college no more. You would think that would end my story but, the truth is it's only the beginning.


Chapter 3 : The Damsel in Distress
I became an outcast but, that didn't stop me. I began a journey in hope of finding a way to stop the Eldritch. My first stop was the village of Karia, a small village but,
a decent place to have a rest. I went to the INN and had some food. then I went to my camp nearby to sleep. Unfortunately I couldn't sleep that night because I was thinking about my next move.
I was only a day away from becoming a thaumturge and now nothing. Fate sure does play in a weird way. When sleep finally befell me, I suddenly woke up to a weird voice.
The voice was very familiar and I hoped it was not what I was thinking.
I put on my clothes and hurried to the source of that voice. It was what I feared "an Eldritch". Usually they are in teams but, this Eldritch is alone.
What could he be doing here and why hasn't anybody noticed him? I moved close to investigate and was surprised to know what he was actually doing. 
He was kidnapping a girl! When I reached him , he was already aware of me and so we started our battle. The thing was different than the others I have fought before.
He was quicker and stronger in a very strange way but, he was less intelligent and that was his weak point. I quicky figured out a way make it ram into a wall, killing itself, by making it go into a blind rage.
The girl was still still unconscious and so I decided to take her to my camp. When putting her to rest on my bed, I noticed something. She had a wand but, it wasn't made out of greatwood, it was made out of silverwood.
Could it be that she is a thaumturge?

Chapter 4 : Awkward Moments
Sitting near the fire I gazed at her. She had pink hair and the most beautiful face I have ever seen. I stayed awake all night in fear that she might get attacked again.
When she awoke in the morning, I expected her to ask were she is and to thank me. However, she pointed her wand right at my head and threatened to kill me if I don't explain why she is here.
"Is that how you treat your savior?" I replied. Then she asked me what I mean by that. I told her everything and how she was going to get kidnapped by that Eldritch.
Her face went completely red while she lowered her wand and said, "Well ah... I suppose I should thank you"
"Don't worry about it , it was nothing" I replied. She asked me what my name was so I said, "Abdo and you"
"just call me Lizbeth" she replied. We sat down infront of the fire and I asked her about her wand. She told me how she was an outcast and that she left the college in search of new arts.
I felt more comfortable knowing that but, then she asked me about my wand and why it's still made of greatwood.
I told her that I'm like she in being an outcast but, unlike her I didn't complete my training. "Forgive for my curiosity Abdo but, why were you cast out?" she asked.
I told her that it was because I saved a village from the Eldritch and that's why Master Azanor cast me out.
She looked at my face and I didn't understand the look but, I asked her if she would want to join me in my journey. She accepted with the most beautiful smile.

Chapter 5 : A Good King
With Lizbeth at my side I now feel stronger but alone we can't defeat the Eldritch. We need just one more and I think I know who. The man I was looking for is known as Wesley and he's an outcast
just like us but, he had a different reputation with other thaumturges. He's an aspiring man and nothing stood in his way and that's why I chose him.
Once we have reached the hold of Mesr ,I asked the guard about someone called Wesley. His reply was by hitting me in the stomach. Questions flew through my mind as I asked why to the gaurd, only to be
slapped and put on the ground. The guard's voice rang, "Have respect to his majesty!"
"What? His majesty!?!", I said
The guard went away while Lizbeth watched and laughed. I told her to stop and to help me stand up.
"I can't believe you saved me and can't handle a guard?" she said.
"Well I wasn't the sleeping maiden when I got attacked" I replied.
"Well shut up and let's find that wesley guy of yours" she angrily replied. 
We went to the castle and apparently there was a very important meeting going on. So We stayed near the crowed to know what they were talking about.
"Well , I WON'T stand idly while the Eldritch destroy my hold and slaughter my people" The King shouted!
Only then I was assured that he is the man I need to stop the Eldritch.

Chapter 6 : And A Good Friend
I confronted the king and said, "Your majesty , forgive my intrusion but, I have an important matter to discuss with you but that cannot be discussed here"
"And why should I talk to you traveller?" the king said. I took out my wand and held it high. He saw it and then agree'd to take me to his quarters.
There we discussed the matter of the Eldritch and their rising threat. He seemed to agree to what was said and so I asked him to...
Suddenly a guard rushed in the door and said, "My king they have breached the outer walls , we must act fast if we are to save the hold".
Then The king told me that if I help them he shall grant me what I seek. I said, "Don't worry my king it will be taken care of."
I went to the walls and found Lizbeth there fighting."Are you always late like that?" she asked.
"I like to have a dramatic entrance.", I replied. We scattered and fought fiercely but, ...I saw an Eldritch sneaking to hit Lizbeth from the back. I couldn't allow that to happen. So with out a thought,
I rushed in and blocked the hit for her.
"You fool , why did you do that?" Lizbeth said. I smiled at her and collapsed on the ground.
As we got surrounded, it would have been the end if not for him.I saw the Eldritch fall on the ground one after another. My eyes scanned the field and saw the king with a very strange wand.
When he struck down the remaining Eldritch, he came close to Lizbeth and I and said, "Guards! Take him to the healer, I want him fine by the morning".

Chapter 7 : One Step Closer
I opened my eyes to find myself in a weird room and as I looked around me I saw Lizbeth sitting near me. As I stood up she suddenly hit me."HEY, What was that for?" I asked,
"Never worry me like that" she replied. I wanted to tell her but,...
The king came in and said : "How are you holding up my friend?"
"Fine your majesty, thanks for asking"
"Please Abdo , Call me Wesley" the king replied.
"Alright your majes... I mean .. Wesley", I commented. Then the king asked me what I had required of him and I told him that I had wanted to build an army so that we may stop the attack of the Eldritch.
Wesley starred at me and said, "Fine, the army will be ready at dawn but, do you know where to strike?"
"Yes Wesley" I replied. And so with thousands of men at my command and with two friends at my side we march to battle in hope of victory.

Chapter 8 : Of Hope And Cowards
There were places Master Azanor has always told us to stay away from, so I think now I know why. He did that so that, we do not discover their bases.
We marched to one of these areas and we actually did find one. That base was small and I think it was for scouting. We didn't care about that so, we attacked.
The weird thing was that there was not much of a defence, it was like they wanted us to go into a trap.When we reached the door most of the men coward and wanted to return.
I allowed them because you can't blame them for the Eldritch are a horror to see. Only few stayed with us, Eldur, Alemty, Neko and Pix. They were brave men indeed and should we
survive them I'll make sure that they are honoured. Once we were in ,our battle started. We fought fiercely and tried all we can but,...
They released a weird creature. That creature was very strong and we couldn't defeat him. Only I was left standing. I couldn't allow those things to capture us.
I decided to use my wand and teleport us out of here, the problem was that I had enough vis to teleport 6 persons only meaning one of us will stay here and that one
had to be me. While teleporting them I said : "Forgive me my friends for I won't continue with you" and so I was captured by those creatures.

Chapter 9 : A Change In Heart
For more than 2 weeks I have been captured by the Eldritch. Every day doing experiments on me, I now envy the dead for they are in peace compared to this.
Believe me child you don't want them experimenting on you. In the morning of the 3rd week they took me to a weird room. There they forced me drink their blood.
When that happened, I felt a strange feeling within me as if something was changing in me. My eyes went white and then I passed out for awhile, I felt that I was going to die but.....
I saw Lizbeth infront of me. I can't give up. I need to see her smile again. When that Eldritch came to me in order to dispose of me.
I woke up with a very strange feeling. The Eldritch in the room seem to be amazed. They took me to my jail cell and kept me there. In the morning I kept hearing whispers and 
only a few minutes till an Eldritch came to me to continue experimenting , that couldn't be a coincidence. The same happened for the following days meaning that I can sense those creatures now.
Only Eldritch can sense each other , could it be that by drinking their blood I became like them? That couldn't be. My eyes did not change nor my skin.How is that even possible?Am I now the same creature
I fight or am I just an experiment that has no future?The only thing I thought about that moments was to escape this prison and figure out what to do.

Chapter 10 : The Great Escape
I decided to take advantage of my new powers. Once I began hearing the whispers I hid in top of my cell awaiting the creature to come in and search for me and as I expected he entered and so, I attacked him
and took his sword. I ran through the hall hoping that they do not sense me. I found myself surrounded with only a room full of taint infront of me to escape. I had no choice to go there. Surprisingly enough 
the taint did not affect me. I think that has something to do with their experiment on me. Once I passed that room I found an Elder infront of me. He tried to hang me up but, with no success. I took the chance
and attacked him. It's really ironic how their experiment was the the reason I was able to escape. Once I reached the door I opened it and got out of this place.
I really missed the look of the sun.

Chapter 11 : A New Hope
I went to the hold of Mesr in hope to meet my friends there. Once I have reached the hold, I went to Wesley's Castle. When I was infront of the guards they seem to be amazed.
I told them that I wanted to see the king. They took me to him right away. They took me to his quarters and there we talked.
"Abdo, I'm glad that you made it back my friend" Wesley said.
"So am I Wesley but, not without it's cost" I replied.
"What do you mean by that?" Wesley asked.
I told him everything about what happened to me whilst being captured and how I'm now half Eldritch tainted by the blood of the very beings we fight.
"You may think of it as a curse Abdo but, it's a blessing" Wesley said
"And how is that?" I asked.
"The only way to kill an Eldritch permanently is for it to be killed by another of it's brethren because when an Eldritch kills the other it's soul is trapped in it's killer body
disallowing it to be reanimated which means you are the only one who can end this Abdo" Wesley explained.
"But I won't be able to do it alone I will need all the help I can get and I think I have an Idea. Gather the men and soldiers in the hold's center" I said.

Chapter 12 : A New Dawn
Before heading to the men I wanted to see Lizbeth. I really missed her. If not for her, I would have given up and never came back.
I went in her room and saw her. "I missed you alot Lizbeth" I said to her. Then she noticed me and rushed and hugged me saying:
"Oh, I missed you alot Abdo. Please never do that again". Then came the moment I always dreamt of since first seeing her.
We kissed each other.
I told her that we must now go to the center of the hold because we are on the brink of saving humanity.
Once Lizbeth and I reached the center the men were already gathered and so I went and gave a speech.
"For CENTURIES we have been enslaved by the Eldritch , for centuries we have been running away form our fears but, NOW it's time for that to change,
none of you know what the Eldritch have in mind for us and I have no plan to wait. We cannot allow the Eldritch to EXIST anymore. So join me brother
for, we shall be the WARDENS of our world"
And From that day child the world knew The Thaumic Wardens , Guardians and protectors of the world.







